h1. Active Resource Config

A Ruby-on-Rails plugin that extends ActiveResource

h2. Overview

When consuming server resources, you may wish to have environment specific settings (for example, have <code>staging</code> use a <code>staging</code> version of the api, and <code>production</code> use a <code>production</code> version of the api.)  Additionally, you may have some service calls that take longer than a minute to run, and want to control the HTTP <code>read_timeout</code> variable for a service.

h2. Features Implemented by Plugin

 * Make it easier to implement environment-specific settings for ActiveResource.
 
 * Implement the settings <code>open_timeout</code> and <code>read_timeout</code>.

h2. Usage

 * Install the plugin to <code>vendor/plugins/active_resource_config</code>
 
 * Copy <code>vendor/plugins/active_resource_config/active_resource.sample.yml</code> to <code>config/active_resource.yml</code>.
 
  <pre>
service_name:
  development:
    site: "http://localhost:3000"
    prefix: "/api/"
    user: 'admin'
    password: 'shhhh'
    open_timeout: 120
    read_timeout: 120
  production:
    site: "http://host.org"
    prefix: "/api/"
    user: 'admin'
    password: 'shhhh'
    open_timeout: 120
    read_timeout: 120
</pre>

 * Modify the settings to suit your needs
 
 * In your Resource base class (if you have many models derived from a resource), include the following line at the top:
 
    <pre>
class MyResource < ActiveResource::Base
  load_config :service_name
  # where :service_name corresponds to the name you gave the service in active_resource.yml)
  ...
end
</pre>
    
h2. Conclusion

If this functionality gets accepted into the rails core ActiveResource, so be it.  If not, it will continue to be available as a standalone plugin.
